So the five keys
to investing wisely...
in a down real estate
market are:
"Keyp" your cool.
Mm-hmm.
"Keyp" informed.
Legwork.
I recently became a partner
in a new agency,
so I put together
a seminar to recruit
first-time home buyers.
I want to give ’em
a step-by-step description...
of exactly what I can do
for them.
Am I worried that they
might write it all down
and just do it themselves?
Quite frankly,
I hadn’t thought about it
until just now.
- Do I really have to
go to this thing?
- Yes.
You’re a big part of today.
You’re my support staff.
Then why am I
not getting paid?
Mmm!
That is a good question,
and I think I’m gonna text you
the answer on that cell phone
we pay for.
- Honey, do you want
to practice your part again?
- Uh, no.
It’s just one question.
I think I got it.
Yeah, but it’s
the most important
question...
because it
launches me
into my big finish.
Yes.
That way,
people leave excited.
Oh, I think people
will be excited to leave.
[ Grunts ]
Luke, why?
I’m sorry. It’s for school.
I have to
design
a container...
that’ll protect
an egg in a
one-story drop.
Yeah, so, um, you thought
you would go with an egg carton?
What if the best idea was
under my nose the whole time?
You’re gonna need to come down
and clean this up now.
[ Groans ] I wouldn’t have
to do any of this...
if Alex would just let me use
hers from when she
took the class.
Never. That design
is my intellectual property.
I think it has applications
for unmanned space flight.
Keep talking like that
and you’ll go through life
unmanned.
Funny.
[ Claire ]
Girls.
Luke, honey, listen to me.
You’re gonna need
to do this project on your own,
and you can do it.
- Just really think.
- I’ve got it.
What if
I’m the container?
There’s a thought.
You could be–
No, Luke! Luke!
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
[ Gloria Shouting
In Spanish ]
[ Continues In Spanish ]
[ Laughs ]
Okay.
[ Continues In Spanish ]
Mwah, mwah, mwah!
[ Phone Beeps ]
[ Chuckles ]
I understood "crazy old witch,
go kill yourself,"
then "I love you."
I’ll never get
this– how you all
yell at each other.
Ay. That’s how you know
that your family loves you–
when they feel free
to scream at you.
I guess I owe
my ex-wife
an apology.
Apparently
she was nuts
about me.
Darn it!
Try the next one
over a frying pan.
I could use some breakfast.
This is so frustrating.
At least you’re getting
your hands dirty for a change.
It is a nice break from the life
of the mind I usually live.
That’s the spirit.
Plus, it’s a metaphor
for the human condition.
Aren’t we all just fragile eggs
hiding behind bubble wrap
and bravado?
And we’re back.
I’m sure that your
egg-droppy thing is going
to be the best in the class.
Uh, except for Luke’s.
Really?
Our Luke?
But isn’t he like a little–
I bet Claire’s gonna help him,
just like she did with his
self-portrait for art class.
There was life in those eyes.
It was haunting.
Tell you what.
I’m gonna nip this in the bud.
You deserve
a fighting chance.
Hey, I’m callin’
about that egg project
the boys are doing.
Parents aren’t supposed
to help out on that, right?
Why would the parents
be helping?
Why do they cut grapes
for eight-year-olds?
I figure if you can eat
a chicken finger, you can
tear your way through a grape.
Again, Dad?
Aw, I’m sorry.
It just bugs me,
is all.
The point is,
I’m not helping,
and I hope no one else
is helping either.
Okay, Dad.
Thanks for the heads-up.
Love ya. Bye-bye.
Well, my Dad is doing
Manny’s project for him.
He called to tell you that?
Oh, no. He called to tell me
that he wasn’t,
which is exactly what you say
when you are...
but you don’t want anybody
to suspect it.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
What would you say
if you had issues
with your father?
Claire and Jay
are incredibly competitive.
Tennis games, card games,
everything.
Who knows why?
Claire is the son
that my dad never had.
I mean, he just wanted
someone who’d throw a ball
in the backyard.
I did once,
but he did not attend.
Looks like fun.
It was, but now it’s hard.
Oh, I’m sure you’re
gonna do great, buddy.
[ Low-pitched Hum ]
[ High-pitched Hum ]
[ Phil ]
Claire.
I am just showing interest
in our son’s project,
which any parent
would think–
think– to do.
Thinking, I am,
that maybe I should stay here,
in case Luke has any questions.
Do you think you can find
somebody else to help you
with your seminar?
I don’t know.
It’s a little last-minute.
You’re kinda irreplaceable.
Well, I mean,
it’s just one question,
and the seminar
isn’t for two hours–
[ Phone Beeping ]
Shh, shh, shh.
Hey, Gloria. Quick favor.
Okay. See you later.
Bye-bye.
- What was that?
- Phil.
He needs help with a seminar
that he’s giving.
Why can’t Claire help him?
He didn’t say.
I’ll tell you why.
Because she’s knee-deep
in Luke’s egg-drop project.
She said that
she was not going to help.
That’s exactly what
I would say to me...
if I was helping my kid
and didn’t want me to know.
Why would you be talking to you?
I’m just saying
it’s unfair to Manny.
The kid doesn’t stand a chance
on his own.
I’m tagging in here.
Jay, he doesn’t need you
to baby him.
I’m just gonna
give him a few tips.
Kid, get yourself a snack.
Okay. I’ll cut him some grapes.
Damn it!
Not like that, Jay.
Like this. Look.
It just irritates me.
You know what I mean?
We’re meeting
with prospective birth mothers.
We’ve had a few
of these meetings,
and they’re very nerve-racking.
You wanna look good,
you wanna make
a good first impression.
Kind of like a first date.
Actually, it’s-it’s
the opposite of a first date.
You don’t want to have sex,
but you do want a baby.
I have to say,
Lily is adorable
and such a good eater.
Not all the time.
She just happens
to love my tuna salad.
[ Chuckles ]
Dolphin-safe, of course.
Oh, who cares about that?
Well, I bet the dolphins do.
[ Chuckles ]
It’s okay to eat tuna,
but not dolphin?
My theory is,
a fish is a fish.
Mmm. Mm-hmm.
Well, a dolphin’s
actually a mammal.
Tomato, tomahto.
[ Laughs ]
More like tomato, cow.
Can you help me with
the scones in the kitchen?
Okay.
[ Cameron ]
Excuse us.
[ Whispering ]
Okay, this is not
really about the scones.
Oh, really?
You didn’t need help
carrying six scones?
No. This is about your need
to correct everyone’s
every little mistake.
I’m sorry.
I thought that she could use
a basic biology lesson.
Well, let me give you
You and I can’t make a baby.
So if she points to a lamp
and calls it Uncle George,
what are you gonna say?
"Pleased to meet you,
Uncle George."
Very good.
Now let’s get out there,
smile, nod...
and get ourselves a baby.
Okay.
...and those are
your five keys.
Now, if there are
no more questions–
Ah, yes.
The lovely home buyer
right here on the edge
of her seat.
I was wondering–
I was wondering,
is there a sixth key?
As a matter of fact,
there is.
We’ll work on that.
It’s the key to the new home
you purchased below market,
thanks to Woosnum,
Keneally and Dunphy.
[ Gloria ]
Bravo.
[ Phil ]
Fire the confetti cannon,
drop the banner,
autographs, autographs,
autographs,
and we’re done.
We still have
like an hour left.
Can I go shopping?
No. I have vocal exercises
to do, and I need you to do
a sound check for me.
Ay, I was hoping
we could go to my hair salon.
It’s nearby.
I didn’t have time
to finish my hair this morning.
Really? That just happens?
Ooh, and I can
get my nails done.
Is it okay?
Okay, sure. Oh, oh!
Could one of you guys
stick this under a chair
on your way out?
One of the lucky attendees
is going home
with a brand-new mouse pad.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
I don’t want to see
which chair.
I want to be blown away,
like everyone else.
Yes.
Now, that is feng shui.
Doesn’t that feel better?
Oh, yes.
It’s wonderful for conversation.
Yes, this is nice.
It gives the room a nice flow,
which I’m really liking.
Sometimes your furniture
tells you where it wants to be.
Yeah.
Do you mind
if I use your restroom?
Not at all.
It’s just down the hall.
Just be warned, there’s some
furniture in there that kind of
likes where it is.
I know it’s killing you
to do this whole
song and dance,
but I think
it’s going great.
Cam, there’s a limit. Okay?
We already promised her
that we would show her son
all 52 states.
Oh, wow, you have
a keyboard.
Oh, yes, that’s mine.
You’re musical.
I love that.
It’s very important to me.
Oh, well, you’re preaching
to the choir– literally.
I’ve sung in several.
Yeah, we sing
to Lily all the time.
I wish I could
hear you guys.
Oh, well, that’s very sweet.
No, now.
The baby’s father
is a musician,
and I would love to know
that he’s growing up
in a musical household.
Okay.
Great!
Okay, now we’re
actually doing a song and dance.
Okay, look at it this way.
We’re not only adopting a baby,
we’re saving it
from a life spent
searching for East Dakota.
Oh, God.
This is actually nice.
This is actually very nice
to lean on.
[ Groans ]
It broke again.
Mmm.
Yes, I saw.
You just need to double up
on the cotton.
Here, let me
save you a step.
Alex!
[ Jay ]
Knock, knock!
[ Door Closes ]
Dad! Hey, what are you
doing here?
Manny needs
that soldering iron
I lent to Phil.
One of the screws
on his project
keeps coming loose.
But other than that,
it’s flawless.
Huh.
His latest test run–
he dropped it off the roof.
He walked downstairs.
It hadn’t landed yet.
I had nothin’.
I had to get in Claire’s head.
Sometimes the best thing
to do in a race to the top...
is grease the pole behind you.
Wow. So Manny’s still working.
Luke finished
a couple hours ago.
Is that why all these eggs
are on the floor?
Oh.
You know, after so many
landed safely, we thought
we should test ’em,
make sure we weren’t working
with a super-strong batch.
Sounds like he knocked it
out of the park.
Oh, yeah, definitely.
We did. Um, so, Dad,
if I find out what Phil did
with that soldering iron,
I’ll run it over.
Great, ’cause, uh,
we’re gonna test it
later today at the school.
Fun! Maybe we’ll meet you.
Oh, we can come
at any time, right?
’Cause we don’t
have a spring problem.
Around 5:00?
Perfect.
Okay. Bear with us.
We’re a little rusty.
[ Cameron ]
Yes, and please put all
cell phones on vibrate.
♪♪ [ Pop Intro ]
♪ Don’t go
breaking my heart ♪
[ Slightly Off-key ]
♪ I couldn’t if I tried ♪
♪ Honey,
if I get restless ♪
♪ Baby,
you’re not that kind ♪
[ Together ]
♪ Ooh-hoo ♪
♪ Nobody knows it ♪
♪ Nobody knows ♪
♪ When I was down ♪
♪ I was your clown ♪
I really am a clown.
[ Together ]
♪ Ohhh ♪
♪ I gave you my heart ♪
♪ So don’t go
breaking my heart ♪
♪ I won’t go
breaking your heart ♪
♪ Don’t go breaking my ♪
[ Together ]
♪ Don’t go breaking my heart ♪♪
Yeah, yeah.
Thank you.
It was wonderful.
Oh.
I’m confused, though.
I thought Cameron
was the singer.
Yeah.
Oh! Yes. Yes, I am.
Really? Because Mitchell
has such a lovely voice.
Well, I think
he was following my lead.
You know, a good leader
can make all the difference.
Actually,
you were a little pitchy.
But it was terrific, really.
Thank you.
Yes, thank you for your opinion.
♪♪ [ Discordant Notes ]
[ Gloria ]
Faster! Faster!
We’re going to be late
to your father.
Why did you have to
do your toes too?
Well, there’s this
really cute boy at school
who’s kind of into my feet.
Be careful.
That can get
really creepy fast.
Ay. Where is the car?
I park it here.
It’s a tow zone.
Somebody just put that there,
because that wasn’t here
when I parked!
It looks pretty old to me.
Haley, don’t lie.
That was not here.
[ Audience Chattering ]
Ladies and gentlemen,
get ready
for one of the giants–
[ Cell Phone Buzzing ]
of residential real estate.
[ Buzzing Continues ]
A salesman’s salesman.
Where are you guys?
I’ve been calling you.
A Realtor’s Realtor.
You were supposed
to do my intro.
Now I have to.
Two-time
nonconsecutive winner...
of the Realtor
of the Year Award–
Just get back here by the end.
Future investors–
Stop making excuses!
And start...
making your dreams come true.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Phil Dunphy!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
How are you?
Thanks, Mike.
I appreciate it.
Welcome.
Taxi!
[ Horn Honks ]
You see?
They don’t stop
because I’m Latina.
Or because that was
just a yellow car.
My dad is gonna freak out.
You have to take the blame
for this.
Why me?
Because he’ll
never get mad at you.
He totally puts you
on a pedestal.
That’s not true.
Yeah, it is.
Let me just call
the cab company.
Taxi!
It’s not rocket science, people.
It’s just a little red card.
Okay. I guess
nobody needs a mouse pad.
How’s my favorite kid doing?
Favorite?
Yeah, I know we’re not supposed
to have favorites.
But you know what? We do.
And the good news is, it’s you.
I’m not giving you
my design.
Who said anything about giving?
We can work out an arrangement.
It’s cheating.
What do you want? Money?
I got a little somethin’
set aside.
Okay, I shouldn’t even
be giving you this hint,
but first, get a mirror.
A mirror?
Then you’re gonna look in it,
and you’re gonna see
a crazy woman.
She needs your help.
You know,
I made the egg
that made you
that made that project,
so in a lot of ways,
that design is already mine!
[ Sighs ]
You’re fine.
Are you sure
that there are...
no more questions?
No more questions? Yes.
If we could
just get that over
to the mustachioed gentleman.
[ Feedback ]
Yes, I was–
Oh, hey, I think we’re
all tired of that sound.
Let me just come to you.
I bet I know
what your question is.
You’re probably wondering
if there’s a sixth key.
No, I was wondering
about a–
Come here.
I was wondering
about accelerated escrow.
If it works for both parties,
it’s a great way
to expedite the deal.
But back
to your first question...
about this mysterious
sixth key.
I didn’t say anything–
The sixth key is the key
to the new home...
that you purchased
below market,
using the simple principles
that you learned here today.
But not so simple
that you don’t still need...
the professional services
of Woosnum, Keneally...
and Dunphy.
Thank you for coming.
[ Explosion ]
Son of a–
So is there anything
that you’d like to know
about us?
I don’t think so.
In fact, I don’t think I need
to interview any more people.
You guys are perfect.
[ Exhales ]
Are-Are you saying
what I think you’re saying?
Well, I’m not supposed to say
anything to you directly,
but I think you guys
should be expecting good news.
[ Laughs ]
Oh, gosh!
Oh, I know.
I know you’re not
saying anything, but–
But what you’re not saying
is wonderful!
Oh.
All right.
I’m going to get some
sparkling cider. Okay.
Yeah, yeah.
It wouldn’t
be a celebration
without cider...
or a celebratory song.
But this time,
I want you to sit
right here.
So have a seat here,
and let’s just get this mop
out of the way there.
♪♪ [ Pop Ballad Intro ]
♪ If you leave me now ♪
♪ You take away
the biggest part of me ♪
♪ Ooh, no ♪
♪ Baby, please don’t go ♪
♪ I just want you to stay ♪♪
Yes, she was upset,
but on a positive note,
what I take
from this experience is,
I can sing.
But what we didn’t take away
from the experience is a baby,
because she decided to keep it.
No. Did we miss everything?
Yeah. They cleared out
of here pretty fast.
[ Haley ] Bummer.
More than a bummer, Haley.
This was really important
to me, and you blew it.
Ay, no, Phil.
It was my fault.
It was not her fault.
Okay. What’s done is done.
Can you take the brochures
out to the car?
Wow. Still full.
Yeah, it is.
Oh.
So it was not very good?
Um, no.
I kinda need to sweep here.
Okay. Ay, but
I’m so sorry, Phil.
It’s okay.
No, it’s not okay.
We came late, and we ruined
your whole presentation.
These things happen.
Yeah, it happens,
and people get angry.
Gloria, it’s fine.
No, it’s not fine.
I’m trying to have a real
conversation, and all you do
is put me on a pedestal!
Wait a minute.
You’re mad at me?
Yes, because that’s not
how family is supposed
to treat each other.
You know how family
is supposed
to treat each other?
They’re supposed
to actually think
about each other.
I asked you to do one thing,
and you were too selfish
and irresponsible...
to come through for me
on a day that,
believe it or not,
was really important to me!
[ Sobs ]
Oh, my God. You’re crying.
I’m so sorry.
No! That’s what I want.
You yell at me
because you love me!
Well, you made me mad.
And you should be.
Well, I– I’m not anymore.
Don’t treat me like that, Phil.
Because now I’m furious.
¡Ay, mi familia, Phil!
How do you do that?
[ Crying ]
It makes me so...
mad.
[ Claire ] That’s a pretty
nice piece of handiwork
for a 13-year-old.
Luke did pretty good too,
for a kid that still needs help
gettin’ out of his backpack.
Still your grandson.
I felt bad when I said it.
Okay, let’s do this.
Watch out, kids!
They’re comin’ down.
One, two, three.
[ Claire ]
How’d we do?
Both eggs are okay.
Great. So we both win.
Unacceptable.
We’re goin’ up
another level.
Absolutely. Come on.
Third floor.
Meet us there, Alex. Let’s go.
Wait.
You don’t have to
do this.
The assignment was
for a one-story drop.
We both get A’s.
We’re doing this.
[ Groans ]
I don’t like this.
The two of them talking
up there–
They’re gonna figure out
what we did.
We did what we had to.
We’re gonna get caught.
Look at them down there.
They’re not even
paying attention.
This is the best part.
[ Claire ]
Actually, Manny
looks kind of upset.
Why would he be?
He’s about to kick Luke’s butt.
Oh, knock it off.
Luke and Manny had as much
to do with this project...
as they did
with the Manhattan Project.
You think
that’s what’s going on?
They’re upset because
we took over for them?
Maybe.
They were supposed
to learn from this,
and-and we ruined it.
We should go talk to them.
Yeah.
[ Door Opens ]
Boys, we need to talk.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
[ Whispering ]
Just stay frosty.
So, uh, we realized
a couple things up there,
and I think apologies
are in order.
Okay, we admit it.
We tricked you into
doing our projects for us.
What?
This is the first
I’m hearing of this.
We knew you’d do all the work
if you thought you were
competing with each other.
So I told you I thought
Claire was helping Luke,
and then you called Claire–
Which got me involved, and–
All right.
Here’s what’s gonna happen.
You’re gonna get in the car,
we’re gonna drive home...
and you’re each gonna
do your own projects.
Mm-hmm.
Fine.
Okay.
[ Claire ]
Hmm. Hmm.
This is your fault.
What?
The way we compete
with each other, it’s sick.
It’s so sick,
two 13-year-olds know
how to take advantage of us.
And you know what?
You made me this way.
How do you figure that?
Oh, Dad!
You pushed me into sports.
You never let me win.
You know, that’s a–
It does something to a girl.
For your information,
you came out
of the womb like that.
I’m not entirely sure
there wasn’t a twin in there
you bumped off.
If you saw that in me,
why didn’t you discourage it?
Why would I discourage
something that I love?
Really?
You kidding?
You’re a fighter.
The thing I love about you
is that you never give up.
Dad.
Even though I clearly designed
a superior egg container.
Out of your mind,
old man.
Only one way to find out.
Give up. You’re all
just playing for second.
There’s somethin’ wrong
with that one.
I’m not wrong.
Mom can be crazy, right?
Hello!
[ Scoffs ]
Thank you.
But at the same time,
I feel guilty when
I get mad at her.
I don’t think that’s weird.
I’m just really proud
of my project,
and I didn’t want to share it.
Everybody has their own thing.
Thanks, Haley.
I know it might sound dorky,
but these
late-night conversations
really mean a lot to me.
They’re the only time
that I feel like
you and I are–
Okay, Corey,
just one picture.
Hold on.
[ Clicks ]
[ Groans ]
My feet look fat
from this angle.
Hey, Alex, wake up.
I need you to take
a picture of my feet.